what's the last thing you remember
danny
he said we had to run
the reason you survived is because
you're a very
uncommon girl
[Music]
you're not alone not anymore
do you know what mutants are
would anyone like to share their first
time
rain i was 13 i thought it was a dream
i just lost control sam
i started panicking people got hurt
roberto my girlfriend i burned her
iliana i killed 18 men one
by one
[Music]
this isn't a hospital it's a cage
it's important we find out your power so
we can help you get better
i saw something
i don't think she wanted me to see
[Music]
i don't think we're here to get better
this place takes your greatest fear
and makes you live through it until it
kills you
he's there
we can get out of this together
[Music]
[Applause]
yes
hey relax and shop running
mistakes were made
[Music]
10 million viewers you have made history
i never wanted
any of this
[ __ ]
it's over it's not over till i say it's
over
i wouldn't do that if i was you you'll
just end up blowing your damn face off
then you'll still be depressed
even more depressed probably because of
your [ __ ] up face
[Music]
[Applause]
natasha my sister after all this time
what brings you home
[Applause]
i'm on the run
i was trying to do something good
you're more than just a trained killer
you're fooling yourself
[Music]
we are still both train killers
we have unfinished because we
still fits family
back together again you got fat
it's merely waterway
there's a new world of widows
new enemies
i'm done running for my past
who the hell is that guy
[Applause]
[Music]
what is going on
it's okay baby it's okay mom yeah
oh
[Music]
so
[Applause]
[Music]
run
i don't know why he came all the way up
here there's nothing left
please there are people out there
the people that are left
are not the kind of people worth saving
okay here we go welcome to yonder
a wonderful development it has all you'd
need and all you'd want
number nine number nine is not a starter
home
this house is forever lou for a boy
do you have children no it's not exactly
what we're looking for that guy was so
strange yeah wait no no i don't think
this is the right way
yeah this is the way we came in number
nine again
did we just do some kind of loop how
would we just want me to drive
such a check cause i think it's just not
possible we can't make turns like this
over and over
we have gone this way tom oh my god
hello
what's happening maybe they'll let us go
what if they don't come
what are we supposed to do should we
just sit here
and wait to die
it's a boy
[Music]
all we wanted was a home
creepy little mutant
[Applause]
i lost my family three years ago
they were killed i have nothing left
i'll find people who did this or killed
every last one of them
i need your help
stop don't panic be calm be
still shoot me what right here
you got to get your rhythm section under
control and give your heart as the drums
you're breathing to the base
that's the easy part what's the hard
part
living with it
you're gonna have to be someone else
let's go
[Music]
i'm gonna do this my way
a lot of people think that you're dead
i get that a lot
think of your heart it's the trumps
you're breathing
it's the base the rhythm section what
are you going to teach me to fight
it would take too long how long the
menopause will be a distant memory
that's a good start
growing up under apartheid meant a life
built on lies and indifference
but unless we got up from our privileged
white lives and did something
our words were meaningless
you are sentenced imprisonment for 12
[Music]
years
we are prisoners of conscience well
we're prisoners of war
i won't give up so they've been attempts
some go a little some a little more but
no one go out always a first time
we need to get out of here everybody
comes in here like i'm gonna break out
of here by next week
if you're having a plan i'll join you
we've got something we make keys from
wood
total crazy i love it
searchlights covers every inch of the
ord
wars with guns there's nothing they'd
like more than to pump holes into you
there is something and i will find it
[Music]
i won't give up thank you
ever sleep through my bed again
why won't you come
[Music]
if they've got to lock we can make a key
we're not running away we stay fine this
is how we fight
what is this
[Music]
what is storytelling
storytelling started with our indigenous
people
can anyone give me an example of a myth
or a story they're afraid of
lucas
what's going on we found a part of a man
in the woods today
[Music]
part of the man i guess the other half
was found
in the mine
well this has got to be an animal right
[Music]
no animal that i've ever seen
something is going on with lucas
these drawings belongs to a student of
mine
this is what was in the mind
it's a diabolical spirit
excuse me this is a myth for you yeah
when knocking again
he is my responsibility
he's here
[Music]
operation abilene was one of the
bloodiest battles of the vietnam war
everybody down an entire company nearly
wiped out
we are taking fire
prayed for miracle one came
his name is pitts it saved lives
we put him up for the medal of honor but
he never got the medal
justice delayed his justice denied
[Music]
the medal of honor is the highest
recognition of military
valor there is you'll prepare a full
decorations review
mr pitzenberger sir i'm from the
department of defense
i'm here to learn about your son if you
want the real story
you'll need to talk to the mud soldiers
i've never seen lost men like that
piston bomb comes down that wire
and saves man they never even knew
sounds like a suicide mission
suicide is hopeless pittsburgh did was
valor i kept telling him to get out but
he wouldn't go
he was there to save lives and that's
what he was doing
why are you here because you're here
really shouldn't even have been there
none of this [ __ ] what are you saying
that's friendly fire
we are fighting our own men
the after-action report is missing who
even thought up
operation avelina in the first place
it's not a can of worms you want to open
why not information was removed from the
original review
you have no idea where you're starting i
have never
seen you back off of anything usually
we're judged by what we do
but what we don't do is what haunts us
i'm gonna go public with the story
sounds a little dangerous
but it'll be great television
getting that medal for pits for the men
i lost might be the only decent thing i
pull out of that war
it's margaret's father he's dying dying
isn't harder than losing a child
do what you can guys like pittsburgh do
what they do for each other
a life for a life i need to finish this
give praise as this young man ensures
that the sacrifices of the fallen
will never be forgotten
dude i'm home
dude
gotcha
it's fun to be scared sometimes huh
it's bad it's just a dog it's pretty
violent
[Music]
i understand that some of jude's
behaviors would be upsetting
but i urge you to find a place where he
feels safe
i think it will be good for him good for
all of us
oh my goodness look at that that must be
the main house come on dude
[Music]
it looks like he was broken before and
put back together
who's this handsome jet brahms
how'd you come up with that he tells me
all sorts of things
you okay i just think it's all a little
bit
creepy
[Music]
is this your new friend bras what are
some of the things you talk about
the other families he's lived with
[Music]
want to take the doll away from him yes
it's just a whisper first
something is happening to him
he knew your boy would find him
[Music]
love you mommy i love you
[Applause]
[Music]
911.
what is your emergency
[Music]
hello hello
hello
are you there
is anyone with you
can you get to a safe area
[Music]
hello
have you ever woken up from a dream so
real that for a moment you can't
remember where you are
this is a lot like that
years that's more than a third of my
life leading up to this moment right
here
you found a discrepancy i found a
misrepresentation
that's one hell of a payout
we should celebrate let's go up so what
do you do uh i'm an attorney
why do you like a public defender called
corporate faceless guy
all the way really i feel like people
keep looking at me weird
oh they're just wondering why i brought
my dad
so who's gonna go first okay how long
until this stuff is supposed to kick in
it's gonna hit you like a wave
[Music]
you two trucks from a complete stream
the universe is trying to tell you
something pay attention
you still think you're on drugs
the universe knows what it wants balance
fighting that just throw your life into
chaos
[Music]
you're almost there you're gonna make
this rain
[Music]
that's a twist
you